Or writes on this video we are going to be talking about comments what are comments and how do we make
them on HBO.
Now let's go ahead and open our co-editor and I'm going to use a this file called Blank Bijou's have
it there.
If not just make it let's do a Save As and this call these comments.
All right.
Safe.
Perfect.
So why are comments on page.
Very simple.
We have comments.
If you don't the mail and I'm you know I am assuming that you have because you are watching this course.
So we're going to open up a BHB tag and do some comments comments or use are very useful because when
we write code especially when our code starts getting big and you might not see this right now because
you don't know much about BHP Well once you start coding a lot more you're going to notice that it's
going to be very easy for you to write a hundred lines of code without you even realizing that you did.
And sometimes we write functions we make functions we make programs little programs that do things.
And you know later on then two or three months you might forget what they do.
And you might forget why you created that.
We need to document that we need to actually write it down somewhere and comments helps us keep that
you know that reference to that specific function there on that file even though you need to document
your stuff outside the program but if you don't if you comment if you make some comments it gives you
a better idea on what you did a couple of months back and it gives the next developer or the programmer
a better idea on why the function does right.
So for example let's say I create a I don't know let's say an echo I'm not going to go and create a
function here because we're not there yet.
But for example or create an echo that says Hello student and this is a stream by the way.
All right.
So this says hello student very easy.
Now I want to write something here for example.
Just imagine this is like on your lies there and just going in full force last for Slash and say this
function below
this place
tetes and just just to give an example.
Right.
So this is a comment here and we do this.
And of course in the mail we do like this which is greater than less than and then greater than right
here.
And this will be a comment very similar to the e-mail that we use of forward slash.
Right.
That's This is one single line come in with a four slash four slash.
You can make.
And if I write some words here this is the second line you see that is writing way and my code is actually
making this y.
The reason is because it's not commented.
You see this only does one line here.
So in order for me to comment this we have to put the forward slash in there also again.
All right so if you have more than one line of code you need to do is put a forward slash in that in
the number 8 you got the asterisk symbol there is Gein.
If you don't close it and leave it open this is opening for slashing dashers is going to comment everything
below.
You need to close it before we get to the code to the core that we want to see.
So we've put Astro's again and for Slash and that's just going to turn it off is going to turn off that
comment.
And right now we can play our functions.
So this is a multi-line comment.
This little four slash in the little Asherah symbol there and then they asked for it.
And the four slash we close in there.
That's a motel line.
This is a one line one line and just going to leave here so you can reference to a comment
and
more to line and leave it like this.
And this is where your exercise files are right.
So very very useful to do to do this you can come in cold also.
All right.
As you can see for less force less cold that you don't want to execute on this browser.
So if we go to the browser right now
the only thing you can say is Hello stood and you're not going to see this call.
Just like the mail.
All right once you come in something the browser those and even see reichlich going to inspect element.
We don't even see the comments in there you see on the right side here.
Nothing.
All right.
So anyway that's how we create a single line comments and multi-line comments in BHB hopefully you show
you a couple of things here.
Right so let's continue with the next election.
Thank you and I'll see you on the next one